greetings friends
speak medical messi today I will refer to what will be another
baseball season more
without modern stadiums
It is unfortunate
that neither in the fao hours called the fourth republic nor in the current fifth
republic
gift of the current president even baseball fan
a modern stadium has been built
like the major leagues that have the possibility of being without a roof oteiza
depending on whether it would have ohno
especially because in the case of Venezuela
in the days that the regular baseball season unfolds
it's when it hurts the most
and since this post
it has to do with the economic issue
you imagine the amount of chrematistic well-being
to the population product of employment
that this would directly generate the
since it involves eight teams in the professional baseball league of
Venezuela
so we are talking
that you should build at least eight new ones etc
modern stadium in what we can enjoy
with restaurants overlooking the playing field
Have a good separation between your knees and the seat in front of you
that there is also a staff that comes to take your
hot dog order
or pizza hood of pecci will exist
and that you can pay with credit or debit card when they bring you your
order
because for your security in front of you is passed through a point of sale
portable your card
that the stadium has a swimming pool
and entertainment for children
that in addition the team jonc luck
I gave gifts to fans on some dates
that there are many authorized internet pages and 800 number accessible
even by cell phone
for the sale of tickets
that the tickets and custom imitate and so the problem of resale ends
also if you wish your ticket was to withdraw at the entrance of the stadium with your
identity card and a password that are left by phone or internet when
the purchase is made
that there is excellent security
to get to the stadium in a vehicle that we can do it through at least
five access portions
that there is public transport guaranteed when finishing each
game
that the sale of beverages in glass containers is prohibited
as well as wetting
intentionally with drinks to the attendees
have a huge bathroom
that the throwing of any object into the field of play is prohibited
that the entrance to the stadium is allowed in behaving the three hours
anticipation to minimize tails
and create dynamics among the fans of the players
as signing autographs
videos and so on
that the website of the league and the team are updated
everyday
and at the instant of any play
as it happens with the pages of the Major League Baseball of the United States
and of the teams that participate in it
they are clear
that this a way to create an addition the fanatic for baseball
they have even created the games called fantasy
in short all this fanatical friends and more is what they receive
the fans in the best organized baseball in the world
the baseball of the major leagues
bean all
the economic aspects involved
if the owners of Venezuelan team
they want to increase their profits will have to work intelligently
in this
because the opposite with more and more expensive entry
without improvements like the one mentioned above
will be less and less the number of people who will visit
the stadium
with everything and that we are talking about the king sport in venezuela
100 - people visit the stadiums - sponsorship will be seen in the same
because any entrepreneur will go
that there are very few people who visit letter and consequently it did not turn out
good option to place a billboard
by the way
It is time for Venezuelans to demand these supposed entrepreneurs to
invest to give product quality and service to all fans of the
baseball sky stadium
added the economic benefit for the population
while that arrives let's stay at home we see it as a goal after the
television show the game
by radio
in fact they do it with the greater league beograd
so
why not do it in protest as professional baseball
Venezuela
Venezuelan
of not doing so
I guarantee you that the economic benefits will not be achieved
nor what is related to baseball
so once again my recommendation
let's not go to the state let's see it play on television or listen to monkey on the radio
and let's wait then to know
of the good news
and the true start of construction
of eight new modern baseball stadiums
like the ones mentioned
yes massa to refer here
I say goodbye in this little
with a lot of affection until next time